Format API: add tutorial and document primitives (#13247)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/format-api/README.md

# Introduction to the Format API

> The purpose of this tutorial is to introduce you to the Format API. The Format API enables developers to add custom buttons to the formatting toolbar and have them apply a _format_ to a text selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this tutorial is to introduce you to the Format API. The Format API makes it possible for developers to add custom buttons to the formatting toolbar and have them apply a _format_ to a text selection.
```
